okay this is the same little kit he's
about 12 days old now he's grown a lot
you can see he filled out
he has been supplemented each day during
the day and then at night he stays with
his mom
it's a litter of nine so he was a little
puny and we were just trying to nurse
him along so that he would get stronger
and be able to compete with his siblings
nine is a large litter four Angoras now
he knows the drill I just lay him on his
back to get the syringe in once it's in
I turn him up so that he doesn't
aspirate and you can see he's very
excited about getting some milk and he
really sucks on it now when I put him
down a lot of times he'll start sucking
on his roll toe which is kind of funny
so excited about all this that he's
doing very well I think it's important
to supplement during the day in a case
like this but then to keep him with his
mom whenever you can because he still
needs that mother's milk and he needs to
have some of her night poops you know to
get that gut flora that's so important
for the development and the reason I
didn't just split the litter and keep
him with her for 12 hours with the
smallest ones and then you know switch
out the litter throughout the day every
12 hours is that my dough is not a
daytime nurse er and that could be
because we live in Georgia and it's
summer so it's very hot here she only
gets in the nest box at night so I
couldn't split the litter
I think this methods working out very
well he's strong he's growing he's
filling out and in the morning he often
has a bit of a belly so I know he's
getting from mothers maybe just not as
much as the other kids because he is
smaller and he's so excited about
getting his bottle as it were I still
find that the syringe works best for me
I've tried him on one of those little
bottles that comes with the kit and
replace her milk and he just doesn't
quite get it
I think the nipple is still too big for
him maybe when he's a little older he'll
be ready for that but this syringe works
just fine for us always hold him upright
so that he doesn't get it into his lungs
you know went into aspirate
after a few syringes see how he grabbed
his toe he was looking for a nipple
there keep going
um after a few syringes he'll slow down
and that's when you know he's full tummy
you'll be all big and round and he'll
just kind of let the milk run out of his
mouth instead of sucking see he's
slowing down a little bit already
and I don't count the ounces then he get
you know I just given a milk until
useful and I do that three or four times
a day depending on how big his belly
wasn't the more